MPD. Are you reporting
an incident or an accident?
Help me. A man is chasing me.
He's going to kill me. Help me.
Do you know him? What does he look like?
I don't know him. He's got a black cap on.
What is your name?
MPD to all stations. Emergency call
from pay phone in Seinan Park.
Requesting officers nearby
to report to the site.
A young female is being chased
by a man wearing a black cap…
MIU 401, heading from Kitakubo.
Cases of forcible indecency using
a taser recurring in the area.
Beware during questioning.
Stop. Police.
Stop.
POLICE, SHIBAURA BRANCH
I'm sorry. Don't get so upset.
You were sleeping.
I left quietly
because I didn't want to wake you up.
What?
You're not mad?
You're just worried about me?
That's sweet.
I love you too.
Yes, I'll work hard.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
We've just returned.
Good work.
Please.
Were you supporting MIU No.1 last night?
-Yes. That's why we're here.
-Morning.
-Good morning.
That explains why you're here.
Yes. We're back.
What's that smirk?
Nothing.
MIU NO. 4
-Wow…
-Don't ask anything.
Like what?
To the captain.
On her private life.
Wait, wait.
I didn't say anything…
about how that must've been her man
or how they spent the night together.
We're leaving.
Have a good one.
The smirk on your face says it all.
Like you've got something to say.
Shoot. I didn't notice.
Who cares if she has a boyfriend?
You're right.
But don't you get jealous?
When you see others talking intimately?
I didn't get that impression.
It was semi-intimate.
I want to get semi-intimate
or fully intimate.
What do you mean?
-How are things lately?
-What do you mean?
In the love department?
-Blazing hot.
-Liar. Stop lying like that.
How can you be sure?
Stop assuming. You're a cop.
A blatant lie. Liar.
You make me want to lie.
We're back!
-We're the same.
-Not at all.
Morning.
That was long. Were you with MIU No.3?
We were searching for an emergency caller.
-Did you find her?
-No.
It was a prank call.
A prank call?
There have been numerous
prank calls in West Musashino.
WEST MUSASHINO POLICE DEPARTMENT
You must be so tired.
Please have some tea.
It's not that good.
Shut up!
He's the son
of the director-general of MPD.
-What?
-I'll have the average tea.
Come on, Mr. Jinba.
I brought my own water.
Tell us about the prank calls.
No forcible indecency took place?
No, that did happen.
We've had about ten cases this year.
He threatens women at night with a taser.
He takes off after touching
the woman for awhile.
His approach has been escalating.
A real creep.
If he's into breasts so much,
he should touch his own.
There hasn't been any arrest
after one year?
We've been vigilant, increasing patrols.
But the guy is very careful.
He catches you off-guard.
So, what's this series
of prank calls about?
There have been three this month.
A young girl calls
from a phone booth asking for help.
When cops arrive,
the possible perpetrator runs off.
What the heck?
Is the guy using
someone to confuse the police?
No. It's not that complicated.
They're playing a game.
Do you know "Hyper Game?"
It was originally on NowTube
but no longer exists.
This is the alternative.
The player makes an emergency call.
He runs from the cops
without getting caught.
These guys are doing this with real cops.
Just for kicks.
Really?
Bunch of losers.
Dumber than me.
They always use the pay phone.
We're obliged to go check
even if it's a prank.
YOU GOT AWAY!
SCORE 00039527
So…
is this guy fast?
He's outrun every cop thus far.
It's the game. The game.
It's causing kids to mimic it.
They should ban these games.
Should we ban mystery novels too, then?
The game isn't the problem.
People that mimic it are.
Wow. That was amazing.
Paper rock scissors.
Ready?
I hope we get a prank call
Come on
That's enough.
It's not something you look forward to.
We're on duty with MIU No.3
in West Musashino PD jurisdiction.
I can catch this guy.
I'll outrun any scoundrel out there.
Yeah, yeah.
You jerk.
You are a very fast runner.
MPD. Are you reporting a…?
Help me. He's going to kill me.
I'm being chased
by a man wearing a black cap.
Please hurry.
Help me…
-Help me!
-Okay. That was great.
That was close.
I'm tired. I'm going home.
See you.
Okay.
Be careful.
Don't get caught.
MPD to all stations. Emergency call
from pay phone in Tsutsumi Civic Park.
Requesting any officer
nearby to get there asap.
A young female is being chased
by a man wearing a black cap.
Yes. Here we go!
They're here.
Sorry. Not quite.
It's a bakery van.
Is it a prank or not?
We'll start searching.
No.
Let's get efficient here.
Police.
If you're the bad guy, come out.
They say they're the police.
Police!
-They seem like trouble.
-That's what we want.
Just get started.
I see.
A real criminal won't come out
if you asked them to.
But if it's a prank…
You can outrun him?
Totally. Piece of cake.
-He's not moving.
-He needs a signal.
"Get set, go?"
Something we say in this situation.
Oh, I see.
Stop. Police!
-Here I go.
-Get him.
Stop.
What the heck is this?
You're kidding me.
Narikawa keeps his lead and finishes.
Yeah, all right. Awesome.
Good job.
What?
Are you alone, detective?
Where were you?
Where is the perpetrator?
What? I don't understand.
I thought you said you could
easily catch this guy earlier.
Did you not say that?
That wasn't fair.
-Even Usain Bolt can't…
-The guy is a world-class runner?
-No way someone like that would be here.
-All right. Calm down.
You're not so fast.
Even Bolt can't beat a relay team.
Relay team?
-The udon is ready.
-Roger.
So, the guy outran you?
Ugh. Hold it, Mr. Kokonoe.
I told you. Were you listening?
It wasn't one person.
I didn't realize it while running
since it was dark,
but the runner changed at every corner.
-And the evidence?
-None. It's a honch.
-A hunch.
-Listen.
The first and last runner were
definitely not the same person.
-It's a honch.
-A hunch.
I know. I'm assuming without
evidence, right? You're just like Shima.
I'm saying it's a hunch.
Stop saying honch so much.
You're scaring me.
What are they arguing about?
It's always like this inside 404.
-No, Shima is kinder than Kyu-chan.
-Kyu-chan?
I'm not being kind. I just gave up.
See? Take that.
-That's not a compliment.
-What?
-Not at all.
-Seriously?
Time to eat, boys.
That looks delicious.
It's not a honch. It's a hunch.
-What are you talking about?
-Read this.
-You said honch.
-Cut it out.
Same difference!
The guy got away.
There's no way
to confirm Ibuki's theory. Eat.
Thank you.
There were four guys that ran.
They had the same outfit,
and they ran a relay.
I knew my partner would believe me.
I don't.
-I saw them.
-What?
There were three other guys dressed
like the one that came in front of us.
None of them realized it,
but the vending machine had a camera.
UNDER SURVEILLANCE
Their faces were captured for sure.
The pursuit failed.
So, the photo isn't direct evidence.
As long as we can identify them,
we can question them.
I'll tell Mr. Mori tomorrow.
Hey, Shima.
-Something isn't right.
-What?
Why were you at the back of the park?
I went around the park.
But why?
Just in case…
you would get outrun by the guy.
So, you didn't trust me.
-That hurts so much.
-Shut up.
Eat the food while it's warm.
Loser.
How dare you say that to your partner.
ON-DUTY NAP TIME IS TWO HOURS
SLEEP WHILE YOU CAN
Good night.
-Sleep tight.
-Yes.
No way. He fell asleep in 3 seconds.
It's so warm.
How do you put up with this guy?
Huh?
You should ask the captain
to get someone else.
A cop like him only bothers the team.
-Mr. Kokonoe.
-Yes?
You think highly of yourself.
You're so sure you don't bother others.
-You mean…?
-Well…
Let me say one thing.
I actually see him as an asset.
For his intuition and agility?
-He's an idiot.
-Come on. That's not it.
What else, then?
Something we lack.
You know the Rube Goldberg machine?
Aka the Rube Goldberg invention.
A chain reaction-type machine.
Yes.
The path we take is never straight.
There are obstacles. You might dodge them,
but you may get pushed
into a different path.
You may end up committing a crime.
Setting off a switch
could get you in the wrong path.
That's one's own fault.
I knew you'd say that.
-Ultimately, it is.
-Yes.
One must choose his own path. I agree.
But the number of obstacles is
different for everybody.
Some can get back to the right path,
but some get deep into trouble.
Who we meet.
Who we don't meet.
Which switch will change
the path of this person?
No one knows until the switch is set off.
Come on. Enough with your prank.
I'm trying to get some sleep here.
What if you really get arrested?
The last run was insane.
The screaming cop was so fast,
he almost got us, right?
-Right?
-See?
But we didn't get caught.
True.
Are you listening to me?
A prank call isn't a serious crime.
Maybe not.
I can't tell Narikawa to quit now.
TRACK TEAM ROOM
USE PROHIBITED
BASILICA HIGH SCHOOL
Hello.
Thanks for making time for us.
I'm Principal Fujishita.
According to the officer who's
in charge of the prank call incident,
the person is probably a runner.
And one of our students?
We're assuming that the person
is young, perhaps a high schooler.
We're canvassing high schools in the area.
Do you recognize these students?
They aren't our students.
You know every student in your school?
Do you have a roster of your track team?
We don't have a track team.
Show them our school pamphlet.
Thank you very much.
ATHLETIC CLUBS
CULTURAL CLUBS
No track team.
I can't identify the members
if the track team doesn't exist.
Enjoy the tea.
Thank you.
Elderlies asking for advice?
20% of emergency calls are
non-urgent calls like that.
What do they think the number's for?
Not enough PR, perhaps?
Warm soba, please.
"For non-urgent consultation,
please dial 9110."
A bit of scallion.
The prank call incident
in West Musashino is troubling.
We shouldn't call it a "prank call."
"Bullying" is rather
assault, coercion and contempt.
Sexual mischief toward a child is
never a mere mischief.
It's sexual assault or sexual violence.
Japanese expressions
are gentle and elegant.
But they also tend
to sugarcoat grave problems.
Impressive how women notice small details.
Gender has nothing to do with it.
We'd like this fraudulent caller
to be arrested quickly.
-But the local police can't zero in.
-No. 4 should handle it, then.
Build a strong case
to prevent recurrence in the future.
Morning.
-Hello.
-Good work.
Good morning.
The local police officially
asked us for support.
Like we're handymen.
It's MIU's inherent nature.
Covert ops, initial investigation,
plus support if anybody's short of hands.
All of which define mobility.
Mr. Jinba often gets calls
from Anti-Organized Crime No.4.
They call him "The Facial Deployment."
Why?
You'll see.
What? No match from runners
in all high schools in the city?
The guy has to be a runner.
What's this "TBC?"
The principal is hiding something.
She eludes every question.
It's clear from her attitude that
she's hiding something.
The most annoying type.
But there's no track team.
But we found out
that they did until last year.
They've won in meets too.
Get out of here.
I'm sorry.
Not you, madam.
Scram guys!
Ah! He's crying!
-Stop crying.
-Sorry.
I'm asking you to leave.
But we shopped here.
This isn't a food court.
Eat at home.
What am I going to get?
-This.
-Yeah?
Here.
I'll get this.
Here. It's yours.
Thank him.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Sorry.
They used to just stop by after practice.
I wonder what happened.
TOKYO NO. 1 HIGH SCHOOL
COURT A
Their track team wasn't that strong.
What happened?
They didn't participate
in the meet in April.
I heard the team was dissolved
last December.
He ran the 400. He was second last year.
He was determined to win this time.
But he didn't run.
He's a student at Basilica High?
Yes.
One question.
Who knows him personally?
Don't you guys meet at joint practices?
-Not with that school.
-Right.
Our senior told us
not to get involved with them.
Why not?
They tried to sell him drugs
that looked like cough drops.
Yes.
I did tell them to avoid them.
Why?
They tried to sell us something
that looked like cough drops.
He told me to call him.
He was in my grade,
so he must have graduated.
Drugs?
Did this "cough drop" have
a hole in the middle?
Yes.
It's donut EP.
Donut EP?
Donut EP has been spreading
in Roppongi in recent years.
It's similar to MDMA.
It typically has a hole.
Never been detected at customs.
We don't know where it's made.
It's cruder than MDMA, hence cheap.
So, it's more accessible to teenagers.
It's highly addictive.
Once you start, hell breaks loose.
The track team was selling this on campus?
The whole team must have been using.
Get the roster of the last team.
The dealer and
the fraudulent caller must be on it.
The principal will definitely
give us a hard time.
She won't have a choice.
Shred these immediately.
-All of it.
-Right away.
Please.
ROSTER
Excuse me.
Stay silent if the police come.
Never mention the track team.
It's for your own good.
Understand?
Yes.
Will the team…
ever get a new start?
We've gone through this.
We can still make the meet in autumn.
We never took any drug.
-It was our seniors.
-You're all liable.
Just the meet in autumn.
The entire team is liable.
-Please.
-It's our last meet.
The runner who was second
in the 400m dash last spring.
He was in 11th grade
at Basilica High at the time.
Gaku Narikawa.
How foolish.
Let's arrest him.
This photo alone is good for nothing.
Plus, they are minors. We need
to interview them carefully.
Analysis on the caller's voice?
This voice…
Help me. He's going to kill me.
All four calls were made by the same girl.
Probably in her late teens.
-Also in the track team?
-Perhaps the manager.
We'll tape and analyze the voice
of every girl at Basilica.
That will get us the caller.
The school won't allow that either.
What?
You want to do this or what?
I said the school…
The whole team is liable?
They only care about
saving their own butts.
I could expose them on the Internet.
If you do that…
our school will get roasted.
It'll affect the future of students
that have nothing to do with us.
We'll just have to spend
this year in vain.
PRIZE
GAKU NARIKAWA
We'll do it one last time.
We could.
Even if we find the girl,
we can't prove the calls were fake.
Stalking victims often do make
multiple emergency calls.
Are high schoolers that clever?
They are these days.
Or rather cunning.
It's the adults that are dumb.
They think youngsters are brainless.
In that regard,
minors must be harshly punished too.
No need for commutation.
Minors should be prosecuted as adults.
Some minors do commit serious crimes,
and they must be dealt harshly.
But the Juvenile Act exists
to pardon them if deemed appropriate.
Even when they exploit the act
to do as they please?
Minors commit crimes as a result
of missing the chance for education.
How much can our society
as a whole rescue these kids?
The safety of our nation
in five to ten years depends on that.
Captain.
I love you.
I really love you.
What?
I think the boy inside me was… ouch…
Wait. What is this?
He's a wild beast.
I was being sincere.
-Make your inner child shut up.
-I wasn't talking to you.
Such a cheerful workplace.
This is typical.
We're still waiting for the roster.
Let's hope they won't make another call.
They wouldn't dare.
They certainly will.
They will recommit.
No way.
If they have a bit of common sense…
Put aside your common sense.
Do you think they are like you?
What?
I am not a criminal.
So, you disagree.
They are fools like me, right?
Right?
Then take my word.
-You represent fools?
-Yes.
Why will they recommit?
They want to run.
That's it.
-Huddle up.
-Yes.
Sounds good.
It'll be our last.
We were supposed to do this in April.
We could have won the race.
"We are Basilica High?"
That's so lame.
"Scum of the Earth High."
I like it. "Scum of the Earth High."
Join us, Maki.
-Really?
-Yeah. Come on. Hurry up.
Get in here.
-One, two, three.
-Champion.
-Are you fired up?
-Yes, sir!
-Do we have hope?
-Do we have a future?
-Yes, sir!
-Our victory is…
-Right here.
-What do we strive for?
-Glory.
-What will we be?
-Champions.
-We are…
-Scum of the Earth High.
If they want to run,
there are plenty of places to run.
By the river. On the field.
They could each run alone.
They should make
better use of their energy.
We need to get them back
on the right path.
I wonder what the girl
who makes the call is like.
You know, she has a cute voice.
Oh.
You like "cute" girls, right?
Yes. You remembered?
Although I don't get what you mean.
At any rate,
the captain is not cute, okay?
Huh?
Stop getting creepy with her.
No, no.
When I said I love her,
I meant it in a respectful way.
So, don't worry.
It's not the love you feel for her.
Unlike you, I "like" the captain.
Hold it.
-What's this about?
-You love her.
That's absurd. Stop making assumptions.
Okay. Calm down.
She might have a boyfriend.
But she's not married,
so you still got a chance.
Listen, the captain is…
MPD to all stations.
Emergency call from a pay phone
in the West Musashino Industrial Park.
According to analysis,
the caller is the person who's
been making the fraudulent calls.
Capture the perpetrators.
401, roger.
MIU 404, heading over from Kitayama. Over.
Someone's here.
It's a guy.
Is that a cop?
This is the police.
Making a fake emergency call is a crime.
Now's the time to turn yourselves in.
Bang.
I thought so.
Heading south from the pay phone.
Bang.
He took a left turn.
Take a left.
Go.
Up.
The second runner is up.
Police.
You go to Basilica High?
Come with us.
Obstructing an officer!
Arrest him.
Stop.
Guys, run…
Run! Cops!
-Where's Takenaka?
-What are you doing?
Where's Takenaka?
What?
Takenaka? Takenaka?
He won't respond. Where's the cop?
The cop is…
chasing Katsumata.
A melon bread van?
That's a police van.
Run.
Where's Katsumata?
Takenaka? Takenaka?
Where's Takenaka?
What?
Hide.
-Where's Katsumata?
-I'm almost there. What happened?
-Cops!
-What?
Give me the jump rope.
Pull!
Ouch.
-Everybody run. End call.
-Get back here!
Hey.
One's going for the road.
The other, for the factory.
We're by the road.
I'll take the factory.
Not that guy again.
Where are they?
GRRR
Are you alone?
You're pretty.
Is it raining?
What the hell?
Are you reporting
an incident or an accident?
Help me.
-A weird man is chasing me.
-What does he look like?
He's got that thing that sparks.
What's your name?
Kaori Maki.
Please hurry up.
We've confirmed a match.
MIU No. 4 is responding to her call.
You need to hurry up.
Excuse me.
Roger. We'll check on that.
The fraudulent caller made
another emergency call.
She might be telling the truth.
There's urgency in her voice.
This could be the man with the taser.
The call was made from the same pay phone.
The caller's name is Kaori Maki.
She's the team manager!
She's the manager of the track team.
Hey.
Kaori Maki's been attacked.
Your prank slowed down our investigation.
Everyone head to the pay phone.
I'm after Narikawa.
Forget it. We've got one. We'll find him.
Stop.
Everybody to the pay phone, now!
Roger.
It's over.
I'm on my way.
I'm going to go rescue Kaori Maki
who's been attacked.
Will you run or come with me?
Narikawa.
Everybody to the pay phone, now!
Roger.
Hey.
Good evening.
The shoe belongs
to the caller, Kaori Maki.
Who are they?
They are on the track team with her.
The prank callers.
Isn't the assault a prank, too?
-It's not.
-What's with the attitude?
Just shut up.
Come on. Let's go.
Hey.
We made those prank calls.
Narikawa and I came up with the plan.
Maki…
Maki only made the call
as we asked her to do.
The younger students went along
just for the sake of it.
I'll take responsibility.
So, please rescue Maki.
I'm begging you.
We're the police.
When we get a call, we investigate.
And we help.
Thank you.
Sorry I'm late.
Where could he be?
I didn't see any car driving
in the vicinity.
Nor did I see a parked car
with a warm engine.
If the guy carried her and escaped…
It's been seven minutes since the call.
-Seven minutes.
-Any likely hiding spot?
I'm going to look around.
-There he goes again.
-Let him. Where else?
Over here and here.
Sound the siren
and look all over the place.
Roger.
A cart?
Help.
Please help.
Nobody can hear you.
-Help.
-Nobody's coming.
Police car 20 to West Musashino PD.
We've arrived at the pay phone
but the caller remains missing.
Requesting backup.
He can't be far.
She's not at the old building.
She's not here.
She's not in here.
-Where are you?
-Maki.
Help me.
Female, 12th grader. 160 cm tall…
Let me go.
Shoulder-length hair…
Come on.
I won't tell anybody.
Let me go now, and I won't tell anybody.
Help me.
Ibuki. I found her other shoe.
I'm at the factory by the intersection.
Get over here now.
Okay.
Stay quiet.
Don't.
-Stop.
-Good girl.
You idiot.
That wasn't necessary.
I slipped.
You're okay now.
Hey…
Nice!
Cuff him!
It's 9:52 p.m.
Why? Why?
Why do you have two?
Can you believe this guy?
Shima…
You idiot!
-Nice.
Why did you pull me, idiot?
You were supposed to pull me up.
-He's got the taser.
-Come on. Stop…
9:53 pm.
In flagrante.
What are you doing?
We'll help them later.
No way.
Good work.
I'm sorry.
The high schoolers
will be tried at the family court.
They regret what they did.
I hope they won't be punished harshly.
So lenient.
How can I not be?
Despite them being minors, their names
and faces got exposed on the Internet.
More news
on the high school prank callers.
We now know which school
the prank callers go to.
Check it out.
They are on the track team
at Basilico or Balsamic High, was it?
Their names and unedited photos
are on the Internet.
Let's expose these scumbags!
They are suffering unnecessarily
because of the exposure.
You're upset.
It's the justice system that punishes.
People don't have the right
to personally punish them.
Where's the kid on the loose?
The one who hasn't come home.
Gaku Narikawa is still missing.
West Musashino PD's
youth division is on it.
Any news on donut EP?
The dealer that graduated.
All rosters of the team were destroyed.
What?
He's not off the hook.
Anti-Organized Crime No.5 are on it.
They might ask us for support.
This mission is complete. Thank you.
Captain.
Let's go for a drink tonight.
It's a MIU No. 4 party.
-No thanks.
-What?
Have fun.
I've got a date.
Bye.
Good work.
She's not shy about talking
about her romance.
I told you. It's not romance.
How is it not? She's going
on a date with her man.
Like I said…
With her child. Kikyo's got a child.
What?
She's got a little boy.
-Wow.
-Amazing.
-Cool.
-It is.
Boo.
Yutaka.
-What are you looking at?
-A whale.
Had I known that the captain had a son,
I wouldn't have thought
that you were in love with her.
-Wow.
-Hey.
You think my instinct is unreliable?
I don't care.
We've finished.
Great work.
-Let's go drink, boys.
-All right.
It's been a while.
I'll pass.
-What?
-It's not work.
Let's go.
-He is fired up.
-He really is.
Take care of this.
-Have fun.
-Bye.
Hey there!
You scared me.
-See you.
-Bye.
Mr. Narikawa.
You…
Stop. I'm not the same as
your senior from the track team.
Give me a break.
You've been through a lot.
It's okay.
I'm on your side.
Here.
Try screaming.
God damn it. Go die.
Well?
Feel better?
Forget all about it and have fun.
A report of attempted murder using a gun.
Who is this 100 million yen woman?
We'll arrest them.
Please. I'm in a hurry.
What is she thinking
and where is she going?
Duck.
Shima!
Go ahead.